
openstack-cinder         - ok 11.0.0.0b2
openstack-ironic	  - ok 8.0.1 rpm-master
openstack-neutron-lbaas   
openstack-neutron-vpnaas
openstack-octavia
openstack-sahara
openstack-manila
openstack-ironic-inspector
openstack-ironic-python-agent
openstack-tripleo-ui	- ok  7.1.0 rpm-master
openstack-mistral	- ok   rpm-master
openstack-magnum	- ok master rpm-master

python-ironic-lib      - ok 2.8.0 rpm-master
python-keystoneclient  - ok 3.11.0 rpm-master
python-tripleoclient   -  ok 7.1.0 rpm-master 
python-openstackclient -  ok 3.11.0 - rpm-master
python-pankoclient	- ok
python-oslo-middleware - ok 3.29.2 - rpm-master
python-networking-bgpvpn - ok rpm-master
python-networking-fujitsu - ok rpm-master



python-keystoneclient
python-oslo-middleware
python-openstackclient
openstack-mistral - ok master rpm-master  
python-ironic-lib
openstack-ironic-inspector -  ok master rpm-master
openstack-magnum
openstack-neutron-vpnaas - ok rpm-master
openstack-manila - ok 5.0.0.0b2 rpm-master
openstack-octavia - ok 1.0.0.0b2 rpm-master
python-dracclient - test
openstack-ironic - ok 8.0.1 rpm-master
openstack-ironic-python-agent - ok 2.1.0  rpm-master
openstack-sahara - ok master rpm-master
openstack-tripleo-ui
python-networking-bgpvpn
python-networking-fujitsu
python-tripleoclient
